add documentation on how to allow access to enforce for public endpoint that is access controlled (#356)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-enforce/chainguard-enforce-kubernetes/chainguard-enforce-discovery-onboarding.md

To clean things up, you can comment out the resources and re-apply. You can alternatively run the `terraform destroy` command, but beware that this will destroy every remote object managed by your Terraform configuration.

## Authorizing Enforce Access to GKE Cluster

> One instance of where a GKE cluster might be discovered and marked as `Needs Work` is the cluster access is only provided to authorized network. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One instance of where a GKE cluster might be discovered and marked as `needs work` is when cluster access is only provided to an authorized network. 
```

```
  PROVIDER |       ACCOUNT        |  LOCATION  |     NAME      | ELIGIBILITY | DETAILS
-----------+----------------------+------------+---------------+-------------+----------
       GKE | discovery-edu-375902 |    US_WEST | gke-cluster   |  needs work |
```

> To allow Enforce to enroll the discovered cluster, follow the instructions below for the given provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow Enforce to enroll the discovered cluster, follow these instructions for your given provider.
```

> This will only work if the cluster is configured with a public access endpoint that is access controlled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that this will only work if the cluster is configured with a public access endpoint that is access controlled.
``` 
Could you also combine this sentence and the previous one into a single paragraph?

* GKE: [Add an authorized network to an existing cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/authorized-networks#add)
* EKS: [Amazon EKS cluster endpoint access control](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cluster-endpoint.html)

The following is a list of CIDR blocks that Enforce will access from.

> NOTE: This list will grow over time.

Reviewer: I would move this note to follow the bulleted list

Author: done.

* `34.132.193.40/32`
* `35.237.242.37/32`
* `35.230.121.20/32`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that this list will grow over time.
```
